---
layout: post
title:      "Second Project!"
date:       2019-12-06 01:23:42 +0000
permalink:  second_project
---


Project 2.. no sweat!

All in all, the project went pretty well. As always, my biggest issues were silly mistakes. Forgetting to delete something extra I had typed, even after changing my mind, forgetting to add = to <%%> so my ruby code will show, silly spelling errors, using wrongly named methods, and my favorite for this project, using a method name that was already taken by ruby. Class.. seriously? It’s at the top of almost every page.. how could I forget that word was off limits. Changing every word from class to subject definitely takes a lot of time. I guess when you start a project about teachers and their students, it’s hard to remember you shouldn’t be using a word like class. Lucky for me, this project idea came pretty easily unlike the one for my last project, but life helped me this time.

It's been a pretty bumpy ride the past few weeks. I recently took on a new responsibility at my mom's school. The math teacher decided she would be better off teaching somewhere else, and left her students high and dry. I was so disappointed in her, and I felt so bad for the students, that I told the principal I would jump right in. At the time, I didn't know what I was getting myself into. I figured, "Hey, I'm good at math and I'm great at teaching it. Shouldn't be that hard! Plus the day ends at 2:15. Even if students stay after school I'll be free after 3. What could be so bad about that? Plus!!! This teacher doesn't have any scheduled classes during my cohort meeting times! This will work out great! And really.. how long could it possibly take to find a replacement." Boy was I wrong! Sure, the day ends at 2:15, but I didn't take the hours of correcting into consideration. Sure, I don't have scheduled classes, but the students in my homeroom come back into my class about 800 times throughout the course of my cohort meetings. Can I switch classrooms, you ask? Nope.. someone has to be in the classroom to be sure the students aren't getting into anything they shouldn't be. As for the replacement... we had one applicant who qualified, but unfortunately only on paper. One day of shadowing and we knew there was no way it was going to work out. So.. for a little over a month now, I've had to split my priorities between this class and being a teacher. So much for ubering to give me a flexible schedule revolved around this class..

That being said.. I'm continuing to keep up, mostly, even though my cohort meetings get interupted and my coding gets put off until much later at night than I would like. I have to say, I was lucky enough to have this all happen near break week. It gave me the time I needed to catch up because I was starting to fall behind. But I'm managing, and I was able to get my project done during project week! Hopefully, if we don't find a replacement soon, I learn better time management skills to avoid falling father behind, especially as we start reaching the harder content. If not, we have two more break weeks still to come, so I will use all of that time to catch up, and hopefully.. get ahead. 
