---
layout: post
title:      "Why Programming?"
date:       2019-10-21 00:48:13 +0000
permalink:  why_programming
---


Well... I've never been a writer, so this won't be so easy. That being said, it's a good place to start.


After I graduated high school, I knew I wanted to teach, but I wasn't sure what. Since I was never a fan of writing, I started leaning towards Math because, "Hey, there shouldn't be many words involved in Math, right?" That's what I thought. Much to my dismay, there was a TON of writing in math. Well you see, there's this thing called proofs, that many of us touch upon in high school Geometry. Last thing I expected was for these proofs to come up tenfold. For a little while, I thought I had made a huge mistake. After a short while, however, I loved it! Sure, I was using words in math, but there was logic behind it.

One of the last college classes I had to take as part of my Math Degree was a computer programming class based on Java. Although I was advised not to add another class to my already hectic schedule for the upcoming semester, I did it anyway. Until the class began, I was a little nervous and hoped I didn't make the wrong choice. On the first day of class, a few Mac users in the class were confused about how they were supposed to download the program required for the class. My teacher, strictly a PC user, admitted she had no idea of how to help. Growing up using a Mac all my life, I jumped up to help without hesitation. That was the first sign that this class was probably not going to interfere with my semester after all. Once I realized I was able to do the homework as the lessons were being taught, I knew it definitely wouldn't be an issue. Regardless of the impact it had on the semester, I realized I had an innate ability to not only work on computers, but to code. Unfortunately, it was my senior year, and I had no time left to take any other programming classes. So, I graduated, got my degrees, and became a high school Math teacher like I had planned to do. Sadly, that did work out as well as I had hoped. So, I stopped teaching and pursued a wonderful career in... bartending. I had so much logical thought running through my brain, and I decided to waste it on bartending. Don't get me wrong. I loved it, and I was great at it. Problem was, I was surrounded by people who did not focus on serving others. Instead, they focused on little devices that should have been in their pockets. Either way, I chose bartending because I thought it would give me more time and money to focus on getting a higher degree so I could teach college. As it turned out, I had neither time, nor money. After 3 years of working very hard and trying to please others, I finally had enough when I saw it wasn’t making a difference or helping me become successful. I started looking into colleges, and realized that pursuing a higher math degree would not help me get any jobs that didn't require teaching, so I inquired about going into computer science, but was told I didn't have enough experience. I began to lose hope, until an ad for FlatIron came up on my phone. Coding school? Risk free? There was no hesitation. I quit my job and started ubering, so that I could have a more flexible schedule. And here I am, loving every minute of it. Mostly, lol. It gets tough sometimes, but I really do love it and sometime wish I had pursued it a lot sooner. Much like my proofs in college, I sometimes wonder what I’ve gotten myself into, but once I get that final solution, I know I’ve chosen the right path.

